hi folks this is Dave Schmidt it's the
morning of March thirteenth I want to
make some comments about the UFO
activity that I observed last night when
I got on camera first of all what you'll
see in the video is just a little tiny
small portion of what actually happened
these lights were flashing all over the
place and they went on for over a half
hour it is very very clear to this they
were not airplanes they were not
helicopters but then you know this is
the Verde Valley in Arizona which is the
Cottonwood Sedona area and this is the
area where there are more UFO sightings
than anywhere else in the world so it's
actually common activity but what I have
noticed is in the last two to three
weeks it's really picked up because I'm
seeing stuff now almost every other
night here in the area thanks and enjoy
the video I'm getting them on camera
through the night I got the night vision
goggles see it yes look at that that's a
great idea mm-hmm folks just to let you
know we have a starship show going on
here tonight we've been able to see them
flashing with the naked eye now I've got
the night vision goggle on here and you
can see actually what is going on these
are a bunch of flashing starships that
you barely see with the naked eye these
are not airplanes folks they are not
airplanes okay guys I got a big show
going on here
I